Create bookmark-locations.md (#60)
Flow-Launcher/docs: bookmark-locations.md

## Bookmark Locations

> - This is the information used by the bookmark plug-in. 
> - Typical bookmark location for each browser. Each location is not the correct path, but you will be able to refer to the approximate location.
> - If you are using a special browser, please edit this document. It will help others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains the information for setting custom browser locations for the Bookmark plugin that are not included by default. 
- These locations may not be the exact path, but they are the typical bookmark location for each browser, you can use them as a reference guide.
- If you are using a browser that is not listed here, please update this document. It will help others.
```
